docs: add AI database versioning guide (#3809)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/ai/ai-database-versioning.md

---
title: Database versioning with Neon snapshots
subtitle: How AI agents and codegen platforms implement database version control using snapshots and preview branches
enableTableOfContents: true
updatedOn: '2025-08-21T14:09:12.290Z'
---

> <Admonition type="comingSoon" title="Snapshots in Early Access">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="comingSoon" title="Snapshot APIs are in Beta">
```
